also, didn't call the police as i didn't think i was seriously injured at the time.
filed a police report after the fact.
since this occurred just feet from the fbi parking garage entrance, i was immediately surrounded by police (i believe fbi police) who must have contacted police and an ambulance.
it took about 15 minutes for ems to arriveñpolice followed shortly afterwards.
(i did give a statement to the police.)"
policeman later mentioned that it was an elderly driver.
i got a scrape on my arm but nothing significant and my bike wasn't touched, so i continued home and then filed a police report."
the driver remained at the scene and appeared to give a statement to the police.
as i was still just realizing what all was happening i noticed a police car stopped ahead at the vermont intersection, the officer was out of the car but i was able to yell to him as we stopped at the light.
a police officer was near by but not close enough to see the entire accident.
he can file a traffic ticket but that would require that i and a witness go to police department to complete it.
i asked if i need to contact him and he basically said that any police officer can do it.
following my returning home from hospital, i call the montgomery pd to see which police depart would be most convenient for me and the witness that i had contacted to go to.
i made arrangement for the witness and me to go to the police department on 100 edison park drive, gaithersburg.
i described to him what happen at the accident and the officer came to my hospital room to take the report and how he had advise me to come to police department.
policemen do not have file report of accidents or traffic violations, even with two or more citizens coming forward.
go talk to the insurance company, this has nothing to do with police department.
i do not know how many of you have encounter the montgomery police department the way i have.
i can call the driverõs insurance company but without a police report/traffic ticket, it would be more difficult to make a claim.
c: iõll call the police and then get a police report police report and then weõll do the insurance thing.
do we need the police?
yesterday there was a police vehicle parked in the area adjacent to this crossing.
this deters aggressive motorists, but when the police vehicle is absent, it seems like a daily case of ""chicken"" for cyclists who are legally crossing the pedestrian walkway with the light."
potato chipped the front wheel, maybe fork damage guy moved my bags over to the curb, he called his insurance, and would not call 911 for me, some people at the bus stop or similar just left when the bus came (almost running me over down on the hot pavement in the intersection pushed out by the car) i called 911, police of various degrees showed up capital police, and dc police swarmed quickly.
took a report, and then i had to go to the police station while injured from virginia to get the report, police station does not have wheelchair ramps, not ada compliant, and they didn't care, hurt to walk up stairs to get report, which was not final, had to do back all while hurting..."
20524641,6810,washington,dc,20012,crash description,"i collided with another cyclist on the trail where it is narrow under the bridge.
police and ambulance arrived.
alexandria police officer cited me on my bicycle with failure to yield right of way."
there was a federal officer (secret service) who saw the hit and run and detained the driver until the police could come.
i put my bike in front of the car and asked for assistance to call the police.
somebody called the police.
the security service police came.
after a long discussion the police filed a report: cc#002547.
i'm on the left side of a police car, which suddenly begins to make a u-turn, without using their turn signal.
other police are called.
36149387,6810,chevy chase,md,20815,crash description,"i was walking up 19th street toward m street - it appeared that several police (secret service?)
was totally too out of it to call police or 911.
36251510,6810,washington,dc,20001,crash description,"us park police officer christensen (202) 690-5089 took report/case# 12-77937 at 1000 hrs (10:00am) [ call (202) 6197120 for official record and report ] after crash which occurred around 9:30am as i was crossing the two-lane road going north along the bike/ped trail on the cross walk at the george washington parkway ramp to arlington memorial circle.
so, i walked toward the arlington memorial circle where i saw a motorcycle patrol officer who called us park police officer christensen and who both -- eventually -- too my incident report.
a police officer witnessed the accident and calls for emergency medical attention.
a person asked me if i was okay and finally the police officer, trusdale spelled trusdale, approached me and said help is on the way, she then began to question me.
i did overhear the police officer and the same woman discussing the accident.
i was too much in a state of shock to contact the police, get the license plate, etc."
bystanders helped get me to the sidewalk and police and ems responded.
no police report taken and the driver did not stop to assist.
i veered into the wendy's parking lot and saw a policeman on duty and asked him to quickly follow me to the car before the light turned green which he did.
the policeman went to the driver and listened to his story and told me to stand away from the car, so i did and proceeded to take photos of the license plate.
then backup came and there were eventually 4 policeman questioning me about how i was riding, specifically, how far to the right was i riding.
they said they wouldn't take a police report and said the whole conversation was being recorded and the driver left the scene without incident."
the police came and ticketed the driver of the van.
a passing motorist stopped and called the police for us.
they removed all trucks but the one which hit me before emts and police arrived.
the police took reports and i went the hospital later that day.
i saw 3 other bikers almost get hit by cars attempting to leave the driveway on the blind side of the truck, including a police car."
he told me it was my fault for not looking for him, and refused to give me his operator number or call the police.
when i called the police line later, they sent an officer, but she didn't fill out an official report or take my statement.
someone was by my side quickly while others were calling ems, medics and police arrived within minutes.
emt personnel and police were dispatched and arrived on the scene within minutes.
the police officer then arrived and listened to the cyclist's brief verbal statement of what happened.
after receiving an evaluation from emt staff, the police officer asked the cyclist to confirm that the cyclist was hit by the automobile as the automobile made a right hand turn.
cyclist heard the police officer tell the driver of the automobile that his opinion, which would be reflected in the police report, was that the driver was at fault.
cyclist then asked the police officer if he needed any additional information, and the police officer said the cyclist was free to go."
there were plenty of people waiting to cross the street who saw the accident, (and probably heard me curse the driver); i was in such shock that when they asked if i was alright, i said ""yes,"" and jumped on my bike and rode forward about 25 feet to see if i could find someone from the national park police.
i asked one of the building security guards if there was a police officer on site.
i filed a report with the metropolitan police, who then told me to wait outside the building.
i answered the call and it was the metro police.
driver pulled over and offered assistance, called police.
police and an ambulance came.
as the policeman gave me the form he stated that i was at fault, as i did not know if the pedestrian light was blinking.
when he spoke up the policeman threatened to give me a citation.
an ambulance and police arrived about 15 minutes later.
the police left the scene without interviewing me.
i attempted several times to contact montgomery county police to ask about the status of the case, but my calls were not returned.."
46320809,6810,arlington,va,22204,crash description,"i was biking south on walter reed dr, within 6"" of the gutter.
mr. sheikh stopped, said let's not call police, i'll drive you home (all the way to columbia, md).
i looked down at the road for a split second and when i looked up the police car was right in front of me in my lane (having pulled into tilden street from a small street or driveway on the right) and unavoidable.
the police officer asked if i was ok and then told me to get up.
at the hospital a different police officer from washington dc police gave me a ticket for ""inattention."""
driver repositions car to far right hand side of street prior to police arrival."
i asked him to stop so we could call the police and was off my bike and in the crosswalk with the right of way when he again lunged his car forward at me.
the police officer issued me a ticket for ""riding abreast"" because she said i should have been in the middle lane, out of reach of the parked car's door.
the van that hit me was a dc metro police van.
it was driven by a police (a woman, i didn't get her name) and there were like 4 other policemen in the car.
i was pretty dazed since i did not expect to be tackled in broad daylight on a bike and as i started to look around i noticed two dc police squad cars across the street.
the same main the cop started off by explaining that technically i could be considered hitting and running the vehicle for having placed my gloved hand onto it to avoid a collission and technically russell could be portrayed as detaining me until the police arrived.
an arlington motorcycle policeman was immediately on the spot and seemed have witnessed the incident.
she left before the police came.
the driver, either lying or mistaken, told the police that i was riding on the sidewalk and rode into the crosswalk in front of him, while i told the officer that i was riding on the street and had the green light, which, in lieu of a full third party account, seems to have tied the officer's hands when it came to making a determination of blame.
other important info: - i was wearing a helmet - i obeyed all laws - i signaled with my arm indicting a left turn - the driver seemed perturbed rather than remorseful - the driver lied about the incident saying he had a green light - the police report clearly states that the driver was in the wrong"
50759799,6810,washington,dc,20011,crash description,"biking up 8th st ne (on street shared portion of met branch trail) as i came up to the monroe st ne intersection, there was a car infront of me, it took a right turn when intersection was cleared and i followed.
someone made the 911 call and police and ambulance were there within minutes.
fire dept responded first, then police, than an ambulance.
someone had called the ambulance, and they arrived with the police.
they responded with a firetruck and fairfax county police officer pfc j kelnan, 703-922-0889.
police report number: 20121920175.
then we both call the police.
the police talk to both of us and claim it was a case of road rage.
police say there is nothing they can do except facilitate the exchange of information.
the police and i leave the scene."
911 was called, dc metro and metrotransit police responded and took statements.
as i was approaching buchanan street intersection, a police moving from east to west on buchanan street cut through the traffic jam and cut me off causing me to slide and fall to the ground to avoid from running into the passenger door of the police car."
51433372,6810,university park,md,20782,crash description,"this was a minor incident that happened right in front of me during bikedc, but i thought it was indicative of general police incompetence during the event, and worth noting to waba: in virginia, as we were coming down the hill to head back toward the bridge to get back into dc, two motorcycle police came weaving through the bikers (!!
the motorcycle police did slow down long enough to watch that the riders were able to pick themselves up and that no-one was obviously hurt, but the police did not stop or apologize.
suddenly a dc policewoman showed up on the scene and began directing us.
kudos to this dc policewoman!"
after i started walking back toward the trail to bike home and clean up my wounds, a police officer on bike stopped to ask if i was okay before he headed onto the trail."
the car was turning from the middle northbound lane onto constitution because there had been a police stop just south of the intersection on 14th and the driver was trying to get around the blocked right lane.
she waited with me in her office while we called the police, who eventually responded after an hour.
once they responded, the officer said that since there was no damage to either the vehicle or the bike, and no serious injury, that the policy is not to take a police report.
police were already at the intersection.
dc police, cap hill police, dhs police, fire and med were all on the scene.
i asked them to call the police but insisted not getting an ambulance because at that time i did not think it was bad enough to go to the hospital.
the policeman finally came in after about 30 or 40 minutes and asked me what happened, but kept looking away, and after only a minute or so he literally just walked away in the middle of me telling me my story.
the policeman finally came back after about 20 more minutes and just asked for my information and wrote his down.
he never asked me to tell the rest of my account, so i do not feel like my side was accurately portrayed at all for the police report.
since the policeman hadn't said anything about tickets, i asked him if he was writing anyone a citation and he said no because there were conflicting accounts and he said witnesses gave conflicting accounts too.
at this time, about 32 hours after the crash, the police report is still not ready to pick up at the police station."
as i was riding my way up the far right side of the roadway on jewett street i was signaled to stop by a police officer riding in the passenger side of a blue pick-up truck which was following me.
the officer did not appear to be part of the zoo police department, but the truck he was riding in had u.s. government tags.
i am very upset with the incident and i believe i have a right to the roadway and do not want to be stopped by police there anymore."
police office wrote me a ticket for improper passing on the right when the driver should have been written for failing to turn signal resulting in reckeless driving as stated by virginia state law when failure to indicate a turn results in an accident.
i asked if the police should be called and no one responded.
once at the hospital, i contacted the driver's employer and she was very upset that the police had not been called.
i then checked the waba website, saw that a police report needed to be completed.
unfortunately, i didn't have the foresight to stay put and call police - wanted to get off the busy corner and kind passersby offered me rides (after one lady tried but failed to run down the driver).
i took the ride home - about 7 blocks away - and called police from home."
i was not seriously injured and there was no damage to my bike, so i didn't file a police report.
police arrive.
police say i am at fault for failing to yield the right-of-way and accident report states i did not have right-of-way.
i called the police a few hours later."
i did not call the police at the time because i was in so much pain and just wanted medical attention."
below is the police report i submitted.
i stopped and intended to access my cell phone to call the police, but the group of young men stopped walking, turned around in my direction, and i did not feel safe taking the time to dig my cell phone out of my bag.
police and emt were called.
police had to correct errors in the policereport that had the eyewitness listed as the victim(me) initially.
police and emt came to the scene, but the passengers who opened the door fled the scene before the police arrived.
the driver pulled over and spoke with the police before leaving.
a police report is currently being filed."
i contacted dc police, but was told park police are responsible for this area (haines point).
to file a police report, i was told i need to go there in person."
she and other passersby calmed me while we waited for the ambulance, locked my bike, and talked to police.
my finger was bleeding, but otherwise i felt ok, so i left without calling the police.
the police officer went to make a right turn from the next lane over, and drove straight into my left side.
i called 911 and police came to the scene.
without calling the police.
when i explained that i wanted the crash reported, the officer told me that there were ""thousands"" of accidents every day and if police responded to all of them they would not have time to fight ""real crimes.""
the police officer's name tag said r. jones and badge number 4215."
i call the police and when one came he said if i was fine and if my bike was fine there was nothing to be done and drove off.
he also mentioned that since the crash occur slightly south of where i was, the 1st district police should have responded and not him."
a police officer talked to me in the ambulance and then at the hospital, where he gave me a ticket.
another cyclist called the police and i was taken by ambulance to the emergency room.
while at the er a police officer came to take my statement.
the police came and ambulance and i was taken to suburban hospital."
motorists rarely stop at this crosswalk for pedestrians or bicycles when headed west, despite being a block a way from the police station on v street."
the police report number is 072990 and the citation number is 263166105.
here we have the same exact police department district, a motor vehicle hitting a bicyclist, in an intersection where the bike lane markings end, and the police give the same citation to the bicyclist - failure to yield right of way.
bicyclist are getting hit and cited because the police department assumes its way into assigning them fault.
you'd think the police were on the side of the people hitting bicyclist.
or maybe it's the police actually doing it - http://dcist.com/2012/06/driver_who_ran_down_cyclist_last_au.php regardless, the real problem here is the layout of the bike lanes/streets.
here is the note that i sent the policewoman that first came to the scene and gave me her card.
""virginia dineen, thanks for taking my police report.
i wonder if the other police officer had come upon the scene as you did if he would have made a different choice.
he also examined me for any injuries (found none) and took my vitals, also calling the police and an ambulance (i did not end up going to the hospital).
i was so flustered and in shock that i left the scene before calling the police and of course regret that now.
i did make a police report but they did not seem optimistic that they could do anything without the license plate number.
the police were not at all interested in my description of the driver which i found particularly frustrating.
i called the arlington police to the scene of the incident - my bicycle blocking the driver from leaving the scene.
very shaken, i was almost more distressed by the arlington police department's initial view that they did not want to prepare / file a traffic report on this accident.
my understanding after talking with the police officer is that they will indeed file a traffic report which i will request a copy of later this week.
i'm still distressed as to the actions of the police, and will raise at the arlington bicycle advisory committee meeting, waba, etc."
i did not call the police or emergency services as i as able to ride my bike home (~4-5 miles) and m focus was getting home to clean up my wounds and get to the urgent care clinic.
the police came and took a police report and gave me a ticket for ""fail to yield row entering from private road/drive.""
i just did not have a witness to back me up, and i was flustered the first time i spoke my statement to the rude policewoman, who said that she would throw me in jail if i did not sign her form.
the kinder, other, policeman said that if i had a fellow biker with me, they could have testified and been a witness, but in fact, i did not.
the police responded fairly quickly, all told, about 4 units came, including a med van,."
she pulled over to the side of the road where i joined her along with a police officer who had witnessed the accident.
police took a statement from two witnesses who saw that the driver intentionally swerved to hit my bicycle.
a capitol police officer drove right through a red light on d st ne a few weeks ago while i was there.)
driver stopped and called the police.
i asked the paramedics to call the police so that i could get a police report."
56825561,6810,washington,dc,20036,crash description,"suv suddenly appeared in front of me from right to left - could not stop and sideswiped / was sideswiped by vehicle or was sideswiped coming from behind, left, to in front, right not sure, that is why i want to speak to police officer."
because the streets were blocked by parade and police vehicles, we got back on our bikes at the crosswalk through the on-ramp to rock creek parkway (north).
police happened to be close and saw it happen and came to my aid."
no police on scene.
i then rode home to woodley park and called the police (911) to report the incident.
the driver said i could call the police and that it was a ""government"" matter.
i did not call the police.
i asked for us to meet at a nearby side street to call police, get a report, and exchange insurance information.
i called the 911 and the police came within 5 minutes.
to my knowledge no police report was filed.
when inquired as to why the police officers didn't file a police report, they stated that its considered property damage and doesn't warrant a police report.
a police officer gave me his card and said that if insurance had questions that they could contact him and he would answer any questions."
capitol police taped off the vicinity, making it impossible to approach the victim."
i asked him why he ran my foot over again and he pulled out a badge, informed me that he was a police officer, and dared me to do something.
he offered to call an ambulance or the police, again reminding me that he was an off-duty police officer.
police and ambulance were called to the scene and a police report was taken."
i mentioned i was going to call the police just for a police report, which spooked the driver.
he said he was an immigrant and driving lyft was his main occupation, so he pleaded with me not to call the police, since my bike was not damaged and i was uninjured.
the driver was very apologetic and seemed very worried about potentially losing his lyft gig, so i let him go without filing a police report."
moco police issued press release 2 days later with help of pptc member who is police officer.
police working hard 1 week later.
i called the police which took a report.
the report included contradictory reports from the driver (who denied) and i so the police will not pursue it.
they called the police who arrived within 7 minutes and then a report was filed."
i then told him i was going to report it to the police and asked him to stick around for it.
the park police arrived and took a statement from me.
he then exited his vehicle and said that i would never be able prove he actually hit her - we exchanged words while waiting for the police and ambulance to arrive but had no further contact."
police were across the street (attending a different accident).
(to the police).
we called the police and an ambulance, and they helped me bring my bike to columbia road, where police and ambulance soon arrived.
the police wrote a report, describing the incident as a hit-and-run."
i was stopped three blocks north by a police officer, who asked if i had scratched up a car back by metro center (and i said i had collided with a car), and they told me to go back to talk with the woman.
to my knowledge, it was this driver, who called the police with the license plate number of the driver who hit me.
a woman in her home, heard me scream and came outside offering to let me come inside to call the police and report the incident.
i called the police to report the incident at 9:41 pm.
i walked home, carrying my bike and awaited the police."
i was getting ready to walk away after that to lock my bike up and calm down (i was about a block away from my office) before deciding whether to call the police to file a report when the cab driver got out of my car and said he wanted to talk.
i walked back to my office, where i promptly called the the police to file a report."
once ambulance and police arrived a few minutes later, after the paramedics were at work either treating or collecting remains of whoever was on the pavement, the officer was walking around investigating, and at one point retrieved a damaged bicycle from near the victim.
but i thought you might want to follow up with the police for your stats.
police/ambulance were called and i was taken to a local hospital.
i called the police to the scene and also a neighbor described the incident as they had seen it occur.
i feel the police that arrived at the scene didnõt treat it fairly and i felt as though it was not handled properly.
he apparently showed the òdamageó to the police and after that i was treated as though i were a threat even though he was the one who attacked me."
i thought they might want to send a police officer but that's not the advice the operator gave me.
i called 911 and the ambulance, fire department and police arrived.
the capitol police are always stationed at that intersection (accident happened halfway up the block before the intersection though), and a cop walked to the scene.
she lied to the police however, trying to say that i darted in front of her somehow...?
and then lied to the police.
i received a copy of the police report number."
we need a mobile app that can allow bikers to take pics of these cars and license plates so as to create a database of repeat offenders to share with police.
at this time, an un-uniformed dc policeman had pulled up behind the accident."
i immediately took a picture of the driver's license plate and informed them that i was going to call the police so that they could make a report of the incident.
i apologized and said that i had to call the police simply to have a record of the incident.
at that point he informed me that, ""since there was no actually collision"" between my bicycle and the vehicle, they would not be filing a police report at all.
i have the police report with statements from a few witnesses, including the biker behind me, who all confirmed that i yelled out to the other biker, swerved, and braked before being hit by him at full speed.
one of the witnesses was a nurse who was able to help until the police and emts arrived."
pedestrians assisted me and diverted traffic until police and emts arrived."
with the help of the witnesses, police arrived within minutes and a full report of hit and run was filed with 2 eye witness accounts and the officer made note of a couple cameras on the side of the building adjacent to the crime.
long story short: the driver waited many 30 minutes for police, and my friend and i waited for 1 1/2 hours.
no police came and i called the next day.
i don't want multiple police cruisers pulling up in front of my house again... hopefully i will get a call from the initial officer who was good, and the aggressive driver will be spoken to .... that is apparently all they can do."
the police decided to believe her over me and issue me a ""fail to yield to another vehicle"" ticket."
i was advised to contact the police afterwards to file a report even though i had no information, but when i did, the officers at the police station (tenleytown, which was closest to my home) criticized me for not bringing any information and basically told me that i was wasting their time."
i was going to call the police but an african-american woman came 3-5 min later and said she is an attorney and a witness, and said i came into her lane.
i decided it wasnt worth it to purse since she had a witness and i did not, but wanted to ask waba if they recommended i file a police report, or what.
i called the district police the next day, and an officer came to my workplace to get my statement."
called the police, reported truck & plate number.
a bus driver told police i ran the light, and i was issued a ticket.
i never run lights on pennsylvania avenue and have a card of another witness the police officer couldn't get on the phone, so i will be getting a statement from him and fighting the ticket."
i called 911 and police and an ambulance responded.
this is a well-known hazard and we are surprised there has been little discussion of this issue or park police efforts to catch and prosecute the culprit.
in my rush to the er i didn't think to call police or get the driver's car insurance info, but i do have his contact info."
we both declined ems treatment or police involvement.
driver was informed by police that she was at fault."
a few seconds later a police car pulled the cab driver over and i stopped as well.
the police officers said they had seen the crash happen, and presumably were waiting for the cab driver to drive away (to see if he would call the police on his own, which he didn't).
the police told the cab driver that regardless of the circumstances, even if the person is not hurt, it is the law that he must call the police after a crash.
the police officers took my statement and i left.
61321834,6810,washington,dc,20001,crash description,"metropolitan police department ccn# 013-969 statement from amanda munroe (cyclist involved) regarding the vehicle/bicycle crash on tuesday, january 24 at approximately 8:50am at volta place and 34th street nw, washington dc.
i called 911 and explained the incident and 911 informed me that i should make a report of the incident to a police officer.
the police officer eduardo ashby, badge #2756 parked on my street, gestured for me to come outside my house, and asked me why i was reporting it now, a day after the incident.
i was not able to make a full statement to the police, i only answered questions that the officer asked me.
it would be great if we could add additional deterrents or police presence on those lanes.
injuries were severe and 15+ ems/police were on the scene.
police officer said that b/c the car never struck us, this was not considered a traffic accident and therefore not a hit and run.
the license plate(dy393a) a witness recorded showed showed no results when the police searched their database, so we could not file a ""damage of property"".
shortly after, a police officer who was passing and noticed me on the sidewalk stopped at the scene (the officer was not called).
the officer called another police officer onto the scene who also claimed my action was illegal.
i moved my bike to the sidewalk, sat on the curb and my partner dialed 911 for police assistance.
the took my information and the information of the driver, wrote a police report, and issued the driver two citations, one for failure to yield to a bicyclist and one for driving without proof of insurance.
when they finally arrived the police asked me if i stopped at the intersection(which was approximately 200 feet away from the crash), i was honest and said i did not come to a complete stop so they cited me for not stopping at the intersection and cited the driver for making an illegal u-turn.
in the report the police listed the location of the accident at the intersection which was incorrect, i sent the police the gps from my phone showing the location of the accident but they did not include that in the report.
after work, i went to the police station on monroe and georgia ave, nw to make a report.
the driver said at one point he would contact the police.
i have yet to hear from the driver, and i don't know whether he actually has contacted or will contact the police."
the police responded but i decided not press charges.
from my perspective, i can understand why the motor felt angry (he told the police he has had numerous incidents with cyclists) but that isn't an acceptable excuse for chasing me down in his car, blocking my egress, getting out of his car, charing me and shoving me off my bike while in motion in the motorist account to the police, he claimed that i lunged at him which simply isn't true - especially considering that i was on a bike trying to pedal away from him.
to close, there were no witnesses to corroborate my side of the story and rather than perpetuate a he said she said battle with this motorist that would have gone nowhere in court, i asked the police if i can have a word with him.
the police obliged, we both apologized (even though i had no real reason to apologize) and went off on our way..."
62565783,6810,washington,dc,20024,crash description,"riding in 4th street bike lane (after having gone around two other cars parked in that bike lane), began to pass this car as it slowed to a stop in the vehicle lane of traffic.
feeling no significant injuries/ seeing limited damage to bike, i did not call police but did ask for and receive the drivers insurance information to file a claim."
the only police force i know that looks and behaves like this is the secret service."
from the other side of the intersection a police car was coming.
in the end, what left me more shocked wasnõt the impact itself, it was the behavior of the police officer that followed.
when she saw the police officer talking to me she came over and offered to stay around since she witnessed the event.
the police officer told her that would not be necessary and that she could leave.
the police officer had called her sergeant in the meantime but then told me that, actually, i could just leave too, it would take her sergeant òat least 15 more minutesó to arrive at the scene.
the driver of the car called the police/ambulance after checking to make sure that i was in a stable condition.
i talked to the police briefly before being taken away, and i am unsure of what occurred after i left."
63243661,6810,arlington,va,22201,crash description,
63248127,6810,washington,dc,20002,crash description,"i was riding south on mass ave nw approaching the naval observatory and as i passed edmunds st nw a secret service police officer pulled out of observatory circle nw in front of me to block traffic for a motorcade.
a firetruck, an ambulance and three police cars arrived.
a police officer asked me what had happened and i told him, and then he proceeded and started talking to several witnesses and to the driver.
he fully admitted it was his fault and was cited by the police.
police officer said the law wasn't written such that he could give a ticket to the driver.
she wouldn't really speak to me, cursed about her door being damaged, and went into the walgreens to work as a security guard (she was dressed in a police uniform, so i believe she was an off-duty officer).
the full lane is available to bikes on that stretch of 14th st. one question: if i was not injured and my bike was fine, am i still supposed to call the police?
i didn't call the police but i did report the incident both to 311 and ddot."
a police officer was also present at the scene and took a statement from myself and the driver.
the driver was declared to be at fault and was issued a citation, and a police report was filed."
police officers did not appear until an ambulance arrived, the paramedics checked on my injuries, and wrote down all my personal information.
the driver accused me of being at fault despite him opening the door right in front of me and we waited for police nearby to approach for a report.
i didn't call the police because the driver was gone and figured they wouldn't be able to do anything."
an online police report was filed with arlington county pd on 8/20.
given the minor nature of the collision and the fact i had to get to work, i did not call the police.
the police report cites her for 'failure to yield'.
i was able to get off of the road and to beckon to a police officer who was across the street at the 7-eleven gas station.
"", not specifically the police."
police were parked on the corner by the convenience store (as they often are at night) and were on seen within seconds although they didn't see the crash itself.
requested a report but police said they don't write report unless ambulance is called.
the uber passenger left the scene before the police got there -- she was a block away from her final destination.
the police arrived, followed by an ambulance.
police inspected my bike and helmet for damage.
i was still shaken up but did not feel that ambulance transport to the hospital was necessary and elected to wait and recover from the emotional and physical trauma from the back of the ambulance while the police finished their report and while i waited on my husband to arrive on the scene - i had one of the witnesses to the crash call him from my cell phone to tell him where i was shortly after the police and ambulance had been called.
once the police report had been completed and i had the incident report number and my husband arrived, i had him take me to the gwu emergency room for a full assessment and x-rays."
there might be video footage from darcy hotel but police didn't check it.
the driver stopped to make sure i was ""okay"" but left immediately when i said it probably wasn't necessary to call the police (and before i thought to ask for insurance information)."
he did not know that he should call the police."
fortunately, there had been several witnesses who were on the sidewalk when this all took place, and they were able to corroborate my account to the police once we had officers on scene.
a police report was filed but i opted not to go to the hospital.
please alert police or do something about this because we are about to have a serious accident there.
there is simply no respect for cyclists in this new bicycle lane because it is a very crowded area, the lane connects with the main road at several sections and there is simply no enforcement from police whatsoever."
she did stop and check for my safety, assisted me, and offered to call police (i declined).
the police report ruled the vehicle had the right of way because she was in the turn lane turning and i was attempting to merge over.
the police arrived quickly and set up the scene, while medical services were called.
a bypasser called 911, reporting the accident to the police."
